Chapter - 1 

Playing in the background
“Life could be a dream Sh-boom, if I could take you to a paradise up above 
If you will tell me I'm the only one that you love Life could be a dream, sweetheart, hello, hello again.”

Life could be a dream? Could life really be a dream? For me it pretty much is, and it’s not a good one for sure. Jokes apart, have you ever wondered what life really is?I am still on my way to figure this out, and it would take some really good amount of time, perhaps eternity but one thing is for sure that it is not just about having a high paying 9-5 job, or going to clubs and getting drunk, or having a collection of medals and trophies, or having everything well settled. Life is more than just living in glamorous cities, it is more on the spiritual side. 

There are around 170 billion galaxies in this universe, around 100 billion planets in our very own milky way and here we are still suffering at this rare planet where most of us are controlled by greed and dopamine. We are stuck in this game where we are running everyday in a race to accomplish different levels, not thinking about the purpose of this game. Have you ever played any game like the GTA, where we control the character and it does what we want. Does the character know the purpose behind performing all those actions, no. Similarly we are also controlled by different factors, it can be greed for earning more money, capital and power, burden of responsibilities, dopamine of joy and pleasure and much more. To understand life we need to come out of this game and take the controller in our own hands. That is what I have learned till this day. 

This discussion is becoming a bit serious right, isn’t it? So let’s start with an introduction to make things  light.

Who am I? Well I am a normal guy who just completed his 26th years on this rare planet last month. Just like how in life everything is not for everyone, after studying in my college for 2 years I figured out that college now was not for me. I left my college degree but not studying. It’s been 5 years 4 months and 21 days since I left my college. Leaving my  college suddenly came with a lot of different challenges, one of which was convincing my parents, which was difficult at first. I called them in the midnight of DATEOFTRAGEDY that, “I don’t want to go to my college”. They replied, “it’s okay you can take a leave if you don’t feel good”. I said, “I don’t want to see my college again, I want to return home”. Obviously any parents would be shocked if you are suddenly going telling them this in the middle of the night. They would be naturally worried and concerned at the same time about what is happening in your life. They said, “if you don’t feel good you can come back here (home) for few days and we can talk about this” . So I left my college and since that day I haven’t seen my college, ultimately in the end things have gone my way. 

Fortunately I was good at coding which helped me to get a paid internship in a startup in my 2nd year which later gave me an offer to join as a full time employee, which helped me in becoming financially independent during these years and not being a 26 year old burden on my family. Initially I stayed at my home for an year and then decided to shift to MOUNTAINPLACE for some time to get closer to the nature. Since I have a remote job, I can live at any place on this planet that I want to, the only requirement is the internet and thankfully we have an internet connection in the nearest city CITYNAME which is around 2 kilometers away from where I currently live. I am living alone in these woods in a small cottage in the hope of experiencing something out of this world, but till what I could experience was mere disappointment, but I still have enough patience left in me to wait or that I have no other choice but to wait and wait and ..... wait. 

Life has changed a lot in these 5 years, from being a care-free person in his 20s to writing paragraphs about life (laughs), from sharing every new happening in life on social media to not having a single social media account apart from my work emails, from always being in a group of friends to staying in an isolated room deep in the woods, from always being curious about new things to being rarely interested in anything, from living a life to a mere survival. 

Life has become a bit more adventurous, challenging and monotonous at times. The sun rises, the sun sets and the cycle repeats. I now find myself  working in CITY for my remote job during the day in the week days, and yes I need to travel 2 kilometers to access the internet to do my job or to make a call which I rarely do apart from talking to my parents or to get things of daily need. In the evening I spend most of the time looking at the endless sky in the search of something that I had lost, something that cannot be replaced by anything known to humanity. I have this TELESCOPENAME which is my only friend now, it helps me in getting a better view of this endless sky and trust me you don’t need anything else when you have the milkyway in front of your eyes or you don’t have anything else left. 

On weekends I like to explore this place further more, so I go on to climb the hills, trek across the forest, admire the beauty of this nature provided by the almighty and explore this place as much as possible till the time I am here. And I can say that even though the common things like the internet, fruits and vegetables, groceries, and medicines demand some travel to be accessed, this way of living is better than how I used to live in the cities where accessing all these things was just blink of an eye. Things loose their value when they are easily available. I am going to continue living this for a while until I find my new stop.

You must be wondering that why is a 26 year old guy is living in the forest, away from family and friends. Well physically I am living in this cottage, but mentally I am living in nostalgia, and nostalgia.... is a drug my friend and I am an addict. Don’t worry you will get your answers just have patience. Just like you have your own questions, I also have some questions about life and I am still waiting for the answers to the question that I asked myself the day I left my college. 

Wait wait, I forgot to tell my name, Name.…